The
art.
It's a good luck.
What?
It's good luck that the cat is a mouse.
But it's a bad luck that the girl is a dog.
It's a good luck that the girl is a dog.
I'm sure it's a good luck that the dog is a dog.
Where is the child?
I'll put it there.
It's a good luck that the girl is a dog.
The boy is sleeping.
Really?
He's sleeping.
Look, it's a bad luck.
Did you boil this?
What?
Is it a baby cat?
It's a baby cat.
It's a bad luck that the girl is a cat.
I can't believe that the boy won a second prize at such a bad luck.
It's a good luck that the girl is a cat.
I told him to come here.
He didn't listen.
He was so angry.
I don't know what to say.
But he was like Ichiba.
He was a happy man.
He was like Ichiba.
He was so angry that he cried.
He was so angry.
He put a bamboo mat under the pillow.
He didn't say anything bad.
He said that a big old man from Uemachi came out and he was going to stay.
He said that a bamboo mat was born and he cut it.
He wanted to have a bamboo mat.
Did I make it?
Can you do it?
If you do it, you will be naked.
I made a mess.
I said, Take-an, if you praise this child, will you drink a lot?
I don't drink even if I have a lot of sugar.
Is that so?
Sometimes, Take-san, what?
Is this child your child?
This is my child.
He is a child like a bug.
What do you say?
He is like an old man.
He is a very good person.
What do you say?
He is two times bigger than a bamboo mat.
He is short and short.
I want to have a child like this.
What do you say?
Do you drink a lot?
Yes, I drink a lot.
If you drink a lot, you will have a lot of sugar.
What?
Sometimes, Take-san, you are talking about sweets.
It's okay.
Is this child your child?
I don't like it.
I will laugh.
I made a mistake yesterday.
I don't like it.
If you are younger than me, you will be half as old as me.